[docs] add links to the azure devops project in the general developer documentation (#200)
T-Systems-MMS/phonebook: docs/pages/development-guides/general-guide.md

> If you need a tutorial about important git commands look [here](https://dev.to/dhruv/essential-git-commands-every-developer-should-know-2fl).

> > If you want see the CI status of your PR you can take a look at [this Azure DevOps page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_build). There are all builds that are running. To take a look at the current release you can look at [this page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_release). (that are only docker hub releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to see the CI status of your PR you can take a look at [our Azure DevOps Page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_build). There are all running builds. To take a look at the current release you can [view this page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_release) (this are only docker hub releases).
```
What do you think about that?

> > If you want see the CI status of your PR you can take a look at [this Azure DevOps page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_build). There are all builds that are running. To take a look at the current release you can look at [this page](https://dev.azure.com/T-Systems-MMS/phonebook/_release). (that are only docker hub releases)

Reviewer 2: Those are not docker hub releases, that's just the preview (demo-phonebook.me) beeing released. 

The Hub Images are pushed in  the production build.
